(whistling)
Alright, hold on a minute.
Hi.
Hey, Andy.
Light your t-shirt.
Thank you.
Aliens.
Aliens has been the movie franchise for anyone not watching.
Yes.
It's a Xenomorph.
Yeah, very cool.
One of my nerdy t-shirts.
Welcome, everybody.
To drop us a line.
Whether you're listening.
Whether you're watching.
We're here for you.
Even if you're presenting and someone compliments you on your t-shirt
and you don't compliment them back on their t-shirt,
welcome to you too.
My name's Andrew Hunter Murray.
And I'm here with...
It's got the Cheshire cat on it.
It's really cool, actually.
I'm here with Dan Chriver.
Yep.
And James Harker.
I bought it in China.
Oh, my God.
He's been to China.
(whistling)
Hi, James and Dan.
Hi.
Are you even going to ask about his leg?
Or are you just going to pretend this isn't a thing?
Guys, I have so many emails to get through.
We can't be ch-chatting around, all right?
Yeah.
Welcome to Drops of Life.
No, to shirt that?
No, I wish...
Was there a memo?
A black, kind of classic animal from a franchise?
We can do this, but it's your own time you waste.
Okay.
Let's get on to the things that sound like they're named after one thing,
but actually they've done to something else.
James is terrible.
I'm just going to show you how many pages I've got of things
which sound like they're one thing,
but named after something else.
Oh, my God.
It's absolutely heaving.
It's like a massive room full of stuff.
And we've got to empty the room.
Okay.
But the things are beautiful.
The things inside the room are beautiful.
So they'd be careful with them.
Yes.
Exactly, because they've been given to us by our precious audience.
Okay.
I think this is the longest I've ever gone without properly.
I think I've been sad sandbagged along the way by YouTube, frankly.
Yeah.
All right.
Yes, so good, though.
Please start with your hosting.
Why don't you pick something from the big pile of paper.
All right.
Let's start with some.
You could have done this before the mic came on.
Let's start with some bonus.
Dream.
So this is extra material about things that we've discussed.
Exactly.
Dan Connolly writes.
Dan's fact on episode 631 was that Anthony Bourdain used to chop his onions
with a knife from outer space.
Yes.
As a primordial element, all iron on earth existed before the earth was formed.
It is all from space.
Yeah.
And thus all steel knives used to chop onions are from space.
That's true.
That's good.
All iron comes from stars, doesn't it?
Very good.
Dan points out a more impressive knife would be one using only synthesized iron.
I believe this would probably require a nuclear fusion and would be an excessively expensive way to manufacture a knife.
Did I point that out?
Oh, that doubt.
That felt way above something I would point out.
Dan Connolly points out.
Dan Connolly.
Who would be replacing you next week.
No, I love that.
That's a really nice little bit of pedantry.
That's very good.
It's not really get yourself off the hook.
You're not really on the hook.
No.
But it's a nice bit of bonus info.
Lovely.
Lovely stuff.
Robert Wells writes.
Robert Wells.
Do you remember I used to have the cassio for ages that was in the fish colors?
Oh, he made that.
The maybe made by a listener.
Robert is the guy who made it.
Very cool.
He's a very cool guy.
Regarding the man who shot himself with an arrow, which was given out in the last little fish.
Henry Pert.
Yes.
Have you ever covered the plane that shot itself from behind?
Have we done this?
Oh, good question.
I think we've done it on QI maybe.
It's a ringing bell.
That's not here.
Yeah.
What's the story?
How did it happen?
It's 1956, 21st of September.
An 11F1.
Very confusingly named plane, I would say.
F11F1, give me a break.
Tiger.
That's a good name for a plane.
You know what I'm saying?
Pyloted by Thomas W. actress Jr. shot itself on a test run.
It fired, then accelerated, and overtook its own bullets.
Yeah.
And then presumably slowed down again.
Don't.
Yeah, I think what I didn't know that.
I'm confusing it with the man who fell out.
Oh my God.
The one that you made up.
It's definitely a story.
Some people say it happened.
Yeah.
And now is the one who went in the loop, the loop fell out at the top,
and then landed back in halfway down.
Yeah, so he went upside down, but he didn't have his seat belt on.
And so he fell out.
But his plane continued in the loop, the loop, and met him.
And he landed back inside.
It's a really interesting thing about stories and belief.
I've heard that now so many times from Dan that I believe it.
As in all the surprises worn off, and I just think,
oh yeah, that's plausible, isn't it?
But it's only because I've heard it five times from Dan.
It's interesting.
Is this why you repeat your few anecdotes so many times?
Yeah, it's just that so outrageously unbelievable.
That I feel like.
No, maybe if I repeat them often enough, they become interesting
through a weird outfit.
You know what I mean?
Yes, yes, yes.
They become so boring that actually they overtake themselves.
That's what Rich Herring always says about jokes is,
it can be not funny, but eventually you'll say it enough times
and it will become funny.
And then after a while it'll become not funny again.
Yeah.
And then if you keep going and powering through that,
it will become funny again.
How are you going to explain this for?
What do you mean?
Are you going to keep explaining this for a long time?
And to be fair, he used to work with Stuart Lee.
Yes.
So he's got a form on this.
Right, that's most of the bonus brain.
There might be one or two more later.
Okay.
Can't wait.
Is that a way of saying you haven't organised your notes for this episode?
They come in so thick and fast that it's a struggle.
Yeah.
Let's go to insurance fraud alley.
In section, okay.
Louis Shanker writes,
and he's one of many who've written.
Sheila's wheels.
Oh, yeah.
Do you want to fill his end times?
Okay.
I think I know where he's going to go with this.
So do you want me to say where I think he's going to go?
I'll just explain what we said.
I think just explain what we said.
Okay.
So Sheila's wheels was an insurance company,
which only ensured women.
And Andy said that he was a member of Sheila's wheels.
And we all thought that was hilarious because he must have been committing insurance fraud
because he's not a woman.
It was a very testing application process.
I can tell you that much.
However, we're going to hear that in fact they changed the rules.
We're going to hear that it was set up targeted exclusively towards women
because research showed female drivers were generally more cautious and made fewer claims.
That would be a great thing to do if you're the insurance company.
However, in March 2011, the EU gender directive stated that insurers would have to equalize it.
Treat men fairly, you know, you can't distinguish,
you can't discriminate all the grounds of sex.
So they're not for women and they don't just do wheels.
So Sheila's wheels is now bad name.
Oh, that's good.
My Austrian family were just in town and Christoph, one of my cousins,
reminded me of when he saw me making a very hasty exit
from a women's bathroom in Austria.
Okay, that's the end of that.
I like that.
Let's move on.
Who's next?
Well, bonus cream?
Where were we at?
Cool.
Well, I was off the back of my own silly deduction,
which is they had the names without any images on the bathroom door.
Oh, damn it.
Yeah.
Damage.
And Heron.
Like, Dave's is obviously a woman, though.
No, I thought, oh, it's Domenne and Heron.
Hair.
There's her.
So I headed into Domens.
Quickly was chased out.
Oh, Domens, as you might pronounce it.
Yeah.
Did the court buy that in the end?
But I'm not a Heron.
So where am I supposed to go?
There's one for men.
There's one for Heron.
This is crazy.
You're Austrians.
A wild.
Right.
Beef section.
Okay.
Fishy beef.
No.
No, thank you.
New second.
Well, you're having it.
What is it?
It's fights.
And we've done right hook.
We've done it.
We have section names.
No, but this is.
You wrote it down at the time.
I'm really sorry.
I forgot the section name.
Row, row, row.
Your boat.
How could you forget such amazing times?
How many times we are retitling the same sections we do every week?
Fish fight.
Fish de cuffs.
This or that?
Seaman squabbles.
Tackle box.
Fight.
Blub.
Fight blub.
Like chub.
Right hook.
Right hook was the name that we landed on for that one.
It was actually, but I forgot to write it down.
Row, row, row.
Row your boat.
Row, row, row your boat.
Row, row, row, row.
Brackets your boat.
I think it's going to be Seaman squabbles.
For you guys, it must be very frustrating.
For me, I love it.
Every fortnight, there's something really fresh that comes in.
Now, again, to me, it's fresh.
Yeah.
Now we'll tell us about fish beef.
This is a slightly different section.
This is not listened as disagreeing with each other or even with us.
This is something that Samantha Slayer has written in because she's noticed it.
Samantha Slayer.
What a name.
I'm just writing to tell you how much I enjoy every joke you're.
So I think we're in America here.
Every joke you'll make about off menu.
A podcast you always refer to as wildly more famous and popular than yours.
I have never heard that podcast so much as mentioned anywhere except on your show.
And it charms me so much every time this comes up.
It's probably just because I'm American, but just know that to at least one person in the world,
off menu ain't shit.
And fish is big famous.
Yeah.
Well, I think the thing is with off menu is it's hosted by two very good comedians who are much more famous than us.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
Like their podcast is probably a bit more popular now as but it's close enough that we can have a bit of fake beef with them.
Exactly.
But those two as individuals, James and Ed are very, very famous in this country.
Sam finishes by saying, if this podcast doesn't even exist and I have somehow missed the joke,
please ask Dan if there's some kind of membership card for the club.
Oh!
Ouch!
A little parting stiletto.
What they're saying is, like, you always don't get the jokes either, so you must have a club of people who don't get jokes.
And can she join that club?
That is absolutely insane that that went over my head.
I know.
I'm really thrilled.
I'm at a higher tier in that club.
Oh, dear.
Thank you, Sam.
What a terrific email.
Right.
We've already long enough.
Let's get yourselves off the hook.
Great.
There were a few things we've said.
Yeah.
Something I said.
I'll hold my hands up to it.
Greg Milonus.
Right?
Greg here.
Big fan for a number of years.
Just finished listening to the latest episode with Carrier Lloydon where you mentioned the hand doesn't have any muscles within it.
The correction here is that it does.
They're called the lumbrical.
That's it.
Okay.
I've looked this up.
It's the fingers where you don't have muscles.
Yeah.
Okay.
Your hands have some muscles in.
You also have tiny muscles wherever you have hairs as well.
Oh, good.
Tiny muscles that make them erect.
Come on.
So you do the muscleiest man in the world.
I'd love to see you.
So if you know how like muscle men sort of can make their pecs go up and down.
Yeah.
If you did that with every single tiny muscle that's attached to a hair in your body.
You're close with.
Yeah.
You're close with fly off.
Like a pufferfish.
When threatened.
The thing is you normally can't you don't know that you're being threatened because it's gone over your head.
Yeah.
No fair enough Greg.
All right.
You've got muscles in your hands.
I meant your fingers.
All right.
Yeah.
That's fair.
Here's another one.
You can't all be funny name titles and people who had named after the thing they're not supposed to be named after.
We're here for a serious purpose.
Okay.
Here's one from Nick Clark.
James I'm looking at you.
Okay.
Long time listen at first time writer Anna here.
I had a tedious interjection for you.
Oh.
Is that why you're looking at me?
On your recent little fish episode with a Lamborghini fact.
Oh yeah.
About them being named after bullfighting terms.
Exactly.
The heart from the Diablo was it.
I think it was the Count Ash.
Oh, Count Ash, yeah.
First off, sorry James, but your pronunciation of Count Ash may actually be a crime in some countries.
I'll wager I am not the only one who writes in on that.
When he says country is notably Spain I assume or Italy or.
Well, exactly.
And he says, and yes, I'm Australian.
To add fuel to the fire that we are picking about how things are said.
Oh, yeah.
Nick, I'm going to say it's not of your business.
How James pronounces the Spanish word wrong.
Oh, no.
Come on.
I don't mind that.
You're being spiky with our.
I'm not.
I'm being playful.
Okay.
Yeah.
The spikes are covered in how do you make a spike playful?
Like those balls that you get in ball pools.
Yeah, I've got spiky balls.
So, and also the Count Ash isn't the only Lamborghini model not named for a bull.
Okay.
Well, that's the interesting part, I think, because I said that it was.
So what else is there?
Apparently there's also the Cesto Elemento named for the sixth element, carbon,
because most of it was made of carbon.
Okay.
Like a new one.
I mean, clearly it's not a huge, huge one of theirs.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Also, I think someone claimed that the event adore is not a bullfighting term.
And I looked it up and it is a bullfighting term.
But also, it's what you see when you look at the car, which is this event and then there's a door.
But that's just the city.
That's just the city journey.
That's very funny.
Oh, there's another one for me here.
Two more for me.
That's just a complete wipeout for me today.
Yeah.
Well, don't get so spiky with these two.
I try to be nice.
Audrey Hingle writes.
Oh, you did say her.
Very nicely.
Why?
There was someone's contempt in that.
You need a calm down, man.
Come on.
Come on, spiky bulls.
All right.
Audrey Hingle writes.
Psychastic.
What can I do?
Audrey Hingle writes.
How's that?
Who is mutual.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's see if Audrey Hingle's email makes us tingle.
It won't.
It's a telling off.
Hello, writing in about Andy's fact about the Hervi family.
The Hervis.
Oh, yes.
It was rotunda.
Yeah.
Yes.
My grandmother was a Hervi.
And I wanted to say it's pronounced Harvey.
That's very sorry.
Is that the only mistake that you made?
Yes.
Audrey has very let us off the hook on that one.
Okay.
They mean about her grandmother.
That is stunning.
So Harvey.
Lady Isabella Harvey is the one who says this stuff.
But a daughter of Lord Arthur Harvey, who was the Bishop of Batham Wells, this is just a fun bonus fact,
taught the swans at the Bishop's Palace in Wells to ring the bells.
Hmm.
The swans in Wells can ring the bells.
Basically, they swim around on this little moat and then there's an open window with a bell and a rope.
And they can ring the bell to ask for food.
She sends a video of them doing it.
No, it's stunning.
Oh, great.
They just ring the bell for dinner.
Right, Esther Cabanillas Rico says, did I say that?
Right.
I don't like your friend in Australia.
I listened today to your episode of Little Fish in which you mentioned that Raphael Nadal
would be great at dismantling furniture due to being left handed.
Interesting.
Well, Raphael Nadal is only left handed in the tennis court.
Yes.
Oh no.
When he started training, his uncle noticed he seemed to do well with either hand.
So decided he should train left handed to have an edge.
And he's been on Spanish TV at home and they tested him doing all sorts of things with his left hand.
Like grow up, like writing his name.
And he was rubbish at all the things he tried.
That's very interesting.
That's really cool.
And you know what?
Like, I thought it was just going to be, he's like ambidextrous but he does most things with his right hand.
But that they've actually tested these things.
That's a really good.
That's great bonus.
So he's like, yeah, and Lewis Scott has said the same thing and it suggests finding a born bread left handed to assist you with furniture.
This assembly, maybe Martin and of Raphael over or Gore and he's even east of it.
Is it about the strength or is it about the dexterity though?
It's about which muscle you're using.
So if I can't remember if it's the pronator or the other one.
Anti-nator.
Something.
Yeah.
You're a lefty as we established.
Do you come from a family of left handed people or you an outlier?
That's personal information.
Like I thought it would be.
So I'll just say that my two eldest kids are both left handed.
But neither me or Finnella are left handed.
Yes.
Funny.
So I'll be me.
Oh god.
Are they also struggled to get to the end of anecdotes?
Yeah.
And they all have these really odd bedtime story requests from lighthouse magazines.
Oh damn.
Yeah.
No.
I'm so sorry.
I wanted to do this offer.
Yeah.
No.
Okay, we are.
Here we are.
Yeah.
It's all Finnella's fault.
I was drunk.
He had five fights for adults.
I was tricked.
Right.
Um.
Oh dear.
Okay.
Let's do some more.
Oh, we've got a really fun one now.
Oh yeah.
A reverse harkening.
A reverse.
So that means that the harkening happened and they're now going to reverse it.
Someone harkened.
James Harkened.
And now we're going to have a reverse harkening.
Great.
So am I being let off the hook?
Yes.
You're being let off the hook.
I know.
This is really good.
So Sasha writes in.
We had a correspondent last time who said that the men on the Amundsen expedition to the South
Pole did not eat their dogs.
Yeah.
Because we had a fact that Amundsen and his crew were really they were all gained weight.
Incredibly annoying for the for the rival teams trying to get the South Pole.
Um.
And someone wrote in saying they own they didn't eat their dogs.
They fed their dogs to the other dogs to keep the dogs going.
Well, there are great diary entries showing that they think I sent this to you guys on whatsapp.
You did.
You texted.
So yeah, I've found a diary entry by Amundsen saying that he eats and the dogs himself.
It's quite a striking diary entry.
Um, the meat was excellent, quite excellent.
And one cutlet after another disappeared with lightning like rapidity.
I must admit they would have lost nothing by being a little more tender,
but one must not expect too much of a dog.
At this first meal, I finished five cutlets myself and looked in vain in the pot for more.
And they stopped using their normal meat because they just love the dog so much.
I know that's so that's what I always thought and I'd read it in his diaries as well.
Um, but then when someone else writes in and says,
Number one, this isn't true.
And number two, it's a myth because the dogs at the dogs you do kind of start to question yourself
and think, well, that would be a weird thing for that person to make up.
So they must have read that somewhere.
And always at QI were looking for debunks of the things that we found.
So yeah, I did check that while I was away on holiday.
I know we did get a message.
Oh, James is having a nice time on holiday.
I expect checking something that was said two weeks ago.
All the holiday pictures that your wife said to us is just you furiously flipping through a book in the background.
Well, she's on the Great Wall of China.
Sorry, I know we're going to Beijing, but we just need to stop in Oslo on the way.
Oh, dear. Very cool.
Yeah, there you go. So you are so off the hook on that.
Thank you. Yeah. Very, that must feel very sweet.
But if you know any better, like maybe there is more information out there somewhere.
Oh, I think let's draw a line under that one.
Okay.
If it is diary entry, yeah, that's pretty good going.
Yeah, it's done.
You're off the hook for good.
I'm so forged.
Yeah.
Um, James Finney and Slee writes, can we please hear more about the wallpaper history society?
What was the name you made up there?
James Finney and Slee.
Okay. Yeah.
Any exciting wallpaper drama wallpaper facts?
What's bigger than the history of wallpaper world?
Well, I'll be honest, it is dry. It is a very dry.
Well, you gave it away though.
You gave away your magazine to the winner of the quiz that we did our online club fish quiz.
So also there was one article in there, which I thought had a really good fact in.
And we might do it in the future.
Yeah.
Do you remember the.
Yes, the was a good way.
There is actually one amazing fact about wallpaper.
The wallpaper in that booklet.
And so James, you might get some wallpaper material sometimes like lucky.
Do you think any other podcast in the world would tease the excitement of a whole wallpaper section?
It's like watching pay drive, but better.
Let's move now to Mike Giggler.
Okay.
So we decided how many M&M's tall the rapper M&M was.
And we did so by getting some actual M&M candies.
And we weren't massively sure how big the rapper was, but we went off the base in what the internet says.
But it wasn't too far off the listeners.
Well, you were there about.
Well, Miles Jacob says the real issue is none of you noticed the clarification M&M, the rapper,
still fails to audibly distinguish the human from the candy because of course candies have rappers.
Okay.
Very funny.
I do like that.
Yeah, yeah.
Martin Cocking writes about the wallpaper society.
When planning your speech for the wallpaper society dinner, you should probably just look back over old speeches and cut and paste.
Sorry for wasting your time.
Martin.
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, it's good.
Okay, fine.
Yeah.
I'm going to move on now to a present we've received a gift.
Lovely.
What a treat.
Do we have a, do we have a good section name for this?
Um.
I don't know if we do.
Don't look a sea horse in the mouth.
Brilliant.
Lovely.
Right.
Let me just get it out.
Oh, it's a biggie.
Okay.
This comes from Travis Roberts and it comes from several thousand miles away.
I think you're going to be very impressed in the United States for America.
No.
Oh, okay.
Africa.
Oh, here it is.
Yeah.
What's like it's made of horn.
Okay.
It's like it's made of horn.
So we have lots of bubble wrap.
Lots of bubble wrap.
That's not the thing.
Oh, this is cool.
I'm going to take it out.
Look.
Well, it appears to be like a, um, a horn.
Well, it looks like one you might blow into to make a noise, but actually there's no hole on the other side.
So this is apparently a horn of an animal, but surely you can't send that by post.
Yep.
You can.
Is it a rhino?
In episode five, nine, seven.
It's a rhino horn.
Oh, we in trouble right now.
My fingerprints are over this thing.
Mine aren't.
And that's the main thing.
Um, no.
In episode five, nine, seven, you all did a segment on horn working and mentioned that modern horn workers often use ankle cattle horn for their product.
Oh, I've loved the cattle ever since I first saw them from my hotel room at the animal kingdom lodge in Disney of all places.
And then I ended up face to face with one in a paddock in Rwanda.
And these are sold in Uganda and across that bit of Africa.
And the idea, I think, is that you can use this instead of rhino horn or any other kind of horn.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a more ethical way of doing things.
Exactly.
It's a beautiful way of making drinking horns or all kinds of horn working.
And it was bought in a women's craft market in Campala.
And I hope it's found a home here in London.
Thank you for all the facts and laughs over the years.
That's very far.
Travis Roberts.
So thank you, Travis.
What are we going to do with it?
I don't know.
And we have a drinking horn at home from somewhere from Scandinavia.
But it's much smaller than this.
I mean, that's a biggie, isn't it?
Yeah.
Oh, we can just add it to our wall of items.
I mean, that's where all the presents are going.
It's a very good idea.
And actually, if you do watch this on video or you watch any of our other video output, you'll see behind us, we have this beautiful wall of books.
And there's lots of little things on it, a few different awards that we've won.
And there's a mug there and a tapestry that someone's made.
We'll put this on here.
And if there's any other nicknacks, you think would look good there.
Yeah.
We should we'll take them.
We should bring the nipple pasties back in.
The assholes.
Let's bring them back in.
Well, I'm wearing my right now.
Lovely.
Okay.
We're coming towards the misk bit.
Miscalaneous.
We're not doing section naming this week.
I think it was muscle anius that we landed on.
And it was good last time when we came up with it.
All right.
Well, let's go now to wankers corner.
It's like speaker's corner, but it's another senior part of Hyde Park.
Matt Williams writes in, I don't think wanker is a common phrase here in the US.
Otherwise, you wouldn't get away with the attached.
I wonder who the joke is on.
Now, Matt has sent in a picture of a restaurant in Oregon called wankers corner.
Okay.
That's very good.
So I think what this is related to is that we mentioned, I think on the Carriage show,
that there was a character called Arnold wanker in Mox and Mindy.
In Mox and Mindy, yes, that's right.
And the reason it works is because in America, that's not rude,
but in Britain, that is very...
It's rude in a very funny way, I would say.
Yes.
It was a way of getting something past the sensors in America at the time,
but when they played it here, it had to be bleeped out.
I'm really sorry.
I should have said that to set up the fact that this restaurant is called wankers corner.
Because genuinely, I thought you would just call it as...
Yeah, no, no, no, but this restaurant is unbelievable.
He said in a picture of it.
It's just called wankers corner.
Yeah, brilliant.
Danny Norman writes just listening to episode 632 about Arnold wanker
and it triggered a memory about the American cartoon "Hey Arnold."
Do you remember that?
Yeah, you saw it.
It was a really good cartoon.
So funny. He had this funny sort of football-shaped head.
He was brilliant character and all of his friends.
But it has an episode called "Wanky Land."
No.
Yeah.
It's a genuine thing and I've looked it up and it is a genuine thing.
And what would it have meant to the Americans watching it?
Nothing.
Wanky must have been...
Maybe.
I don't know, I think it's just...
I don't know.
I haven't read the episode description.
Silly word.
Silly word, yeah.
But the episode is called that.
Oh, wow.
I know.
Oh, here's a very interesting one.
Adam Anonymous writes,
"I work in the legal medical cannabis industry here in Australia.
Very highly regulated.
I can say no more."
In order to keep up with the latest happenings in the world of cannabis,
I listened to several cannabis-infused podcasts.
Okay?
A number of said podcasts begin with the sound of it, let's say,
cannabis inhalation water pipe, which is largely indistinguishable
from the bubbly sound at the start of your little fish.
Oh, so...
That's nice.
I never thought it would happen now, yeah.
Yeah.
Often when I forget, brackets, classic water pipe enthusiast,
what I have queued up to play next.
At that moment, I hear the dulcet tones of the sash,
only to be pleasantly redirected by the jaunty tune
that starts moments later.
Yeah.
I think it could explain a lot about those shows.
If it turned out that we were off our faces all the way through.
Yeah.
Well, none of us do smoke.
I'd be up for one episode to see how it goes.
I'd go...
You don't know that I don't smoke.
I know you don't smoke.
Okay, well...
Whatever, man.
I don't know who's left-handed in the family, but I know you don't smoke.
Nicky Kelly, friend of the podcast, suggests...
People started putting that in their email signatures.
I don't know whether it's to make me sit up and pay attention a bit, you know.
So...
Do they put, like, the actual full words?
Because I reckon you could, like, F-O-T-P.
You know, like, if you have a degree or something.
I've written F-O-T-P here, and I've made the O and the T small.
And it does look like a kind of qualification.
Yeah, yeah.
I think that's a good shout, I think so.
I think anyone who's a friend of the podcast, you have permission to put F-O-T-P at the end of your name in all official documents.
Absolutely.
But if people do ask, you're going to look like a real label.
What could an F-O-T-P do in a real practical life skill, you know?
Like an airplane, someone saying, is there a doctor on board?
Well, where does F-O-T-P get you?
I don't know.
The name for this section of the plane has fallen down.
Is there anyone here who's next but on section naming?
Nicky Kelly, friend of the podcast.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
You should have a section called Fishing for Compliments, where people say nice things about you all and the podcast.
Okay.
Well, that's pretty much what you do.
Like, you go through and you look for a few of those about you each week.
Okay, we can move on.
It's okay, we can move on.
Should we move on?
No.
I mean, did people send something in?
No, let's move on.
Let's move on.
Charlie from Pennsylvania writes.
Andy.
Andy, I love hearing your game show ideas.
I keep a running list of store and movie ideas on my phone.
And so I always feel so seen when you bring them up.
Don't let the haters get you down.
And she said, is that it?
A number of lists.
A list of like shops that she's thought of and and Christmas movies.
Let's hear some.
At Christmas.
I really like these.
Christmas movie names.
Grandma's last Christmas.
That's good.
Okay.
Grandma's first Christmas.
I know how they're going to do that one.
I'm watching that one.
It's a cool sequel and holiday.
Homunculus, which I think is not in the grandma's last Christmas universe.
It's weird into the trilogy.
What are we doing here?
What's going on?
I buy actually in one of those weed podcasts.
Oh, anyway, thanks, Charlie.
That was really nice and positive email to get.
We did have, oh, God, someone wrote in.
I've lost it now.
Someone wrote in making a really thoroughly good point.
You know the email about, you know we were talking about.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't aware that we were going to get into this bit here.
Despite.
This is, you know what?
This is like, remember that meme clip of Russell Brand going through a Bible?
I know it's in here.
I know it's here somewhere.
It's just.
It's in.
It's.
All right.
Look, this isn't perfect, but it'll have to do.
It's.
People will see my sleeves get wetter over the course of the show because of how much I cry.
It's because it's starting to come out everywhere.
It's not just the eyes.
My head is going to melt like that guy in Reuters of the last arc.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Doug Pays actually makes a point about this just while we're on our formats.
Doug Pays says just on the buddy movie with the two characters conceived at the same time,
but born years apart.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And they're both cops.
Yeah.
One is a rookie.
The other one is about to retire.
It practically writes itself.
I think it's a very good point.
Okay.
That's good because normally we just get some terrible pun, but he's actually given us some
plot here.
No, I think that is a decent plot point where their buddies, their cop buddies, but they're siblings.
Yeah.
They're twins.
Well, we're getting closer to the end, and I know you guys will be sorry to hear that.
There's a really fun thing here about you, James, from JC Pass.
Oh, yeah.
So James Harkin has the surname Harkin, obviously.
But there is a thing in research called Harkin.
Have you heard this?
No.
It's hypothesizing after the results are known, H-A-T, basically.
Well, it's looking at the data first, finding something interesting, and then writing it up
as though that was the hypothesis all along.
Yeah.
So we've never heard of that acronym.
That's really interesting.
Yeah.
And then he's included a JC has included a link to the paper from 1998.
Harkin.
All about this.
Hold on.
Well, and what you're doing is very different, because you're finding long lists of information,
cherry picking the best bits, and then showing.
Well, I'm allowed to do it, because I'm not a scientist, right?
Yeah.
I'm definitely allowed to kind of find the fun way of wording some data in order to get it across
but it's science.
It's not a good idea.
No.
You should do your hypothesis first.
Absolutely.
Are you saying it's the paper itself that's being published where they rewrite the hypothesis
at the top?
Yeah.
And how do they work out whose line, whose done that method?
Is it because they have to submit a paper initially and they find the initial pitch or.
I don't know.
Or maybe they just look at the fuller field of data and say this is interesting.
Yeah.
I'm not sure.
If you've worked in the industry for long enough, it might become kind of obvious and that's happened.
Yeah.
But yeah, it must be a really difficult thing to prove.
Well, that's a cool.
That's a very cool thing.
Yeah.
Never come across that.
Right.
We've got time for one or two more.
And this section is called more on James's pin number.
When you say more.
No, no, no, no, no.
Ian flour.
Ian flour says, I'm probably the only person writing him with more on the subject.
That's true.
But you said your pin appeared 21 times in the 49th Mercen Prime.
Yeah.
And someone wrote in saying, well, that narrows it down to 83,000 pin numbers.
It could be.
Okay.
I was curious if he'd be better off picking a pin that appears a different number of times.
Cool.
I mean, better to say it appears zero times in this number.
Your pin, right?
Well, it turns out he picked basically the perfect number.
The group of pins that appear 21 times in this massive, great pin.
Prime number is the second biggest group.
Wow.
Oh, wow.
The ideal choice is a pin number that appears 22 times in this.
So there are 84,000 pins that appear 22 times.
If James had said his pin appears 48 times, it would have been catastrophic.
Because only one six digit pin appears 48 times.
So it would have been 934, 842.
Wow.
Yeah.
As it is, it's 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1.
Every six digit pin appears at least four times.
And I'm going to, I'm going to cut it down a bit because it's very long evil.
But that is terrific, Ian.
Yeah.
It was a bell curve of how often they all appear and you picked almost exactly the right one.
That's really, obviously, I would say it feels like you're more likely to pick those ones
because there's more of them, right?
Yes.
So it's not a massive, like, piece of skill by me.
Yeah, and also you didn't select your pin number, I presume.
Apart from that.
Actually, this is one that I chose myself.
It is.
It's to get into my phone, right?
Yes, it is.
Oh, well, congratulations.
Yeah, very cool.
But I just did a movement with my thumb, which might give it away.
Oh, there we go.
Yeah.
Lovely.
Okay, that's really nice to hear.
I love those kind of mathematical things.
Yeah, absolutely.
I love them.
I think that, I think we should wrap it there.
Okay.
That's been so much fun.
We haven't said any people whose names are the same as the thing that they should be named after.
Oh, whatever it is.
And it feels great, doesn't it?
We need to talk about this.
I've got to have five pages.
Wow.
Well, things that you think are named for the reason they are.
Can you choose your one favorite before we go?
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, there is there.
It's in Psalms.
It's definitely in Psalms.
Okay.
Well, look, everyone who wrote in with them, we're going to get to you.
All right.
At some point soon.
Maybe in another podcast, like a separate, we could do a separate, we could do a separate episode about these.
Yay.
Great.
But for now, we'll just talk about Martin Clark's one.
Have we mentioned the bridge in Brisbane that goes between South Brisbane and Milton?
Don't think so.
It's called the Go Between Bridge.
Yes.
It is, however, not named because it goes between these places.
It is named after Brisbane's successful and well-loved indie rock band The Go Between.
That's fantastic.
And a couple of people sent that in.
So thank you, Martin.
Nice.
That's something, isn't it?
Yeah, is it rude for me to actually say that I'm not that keen on that one?
Well, can I explain my reasoning?
Absolutely.
I think it's a joke that's added to it.
It's, they've looked for a band that has a name that fits the purpose.
Right.
That's just my and the objection.
Well, let me find the one.
David, why did I do that?
It's okay.
Let's wrap it there.
That has been so much fun.
I think we have really successfully unclombed that lumber over the emails.
All of which turn out to be precious and beautiful in their own ways.
Yeah.
But the lumber of is now empty and it's looking a bit sad.
So please fill it up again by sending your emails to podcast@ky.com.
I'll read them.
And I'll love them.
And you guys will hear them in a couple of weeks time and you'll get through it.
This is a wrapping gut.
Let's wrap.
Like an M&M.
Or like M&M.
Brilliant.
That's really, again, you should just do this bit.
I think I just need to hand over to you at some point.
Take the wheel away from me.
Bye.
What do you do?
I always just.
Texting.
Texting pen?
Yeah.
Well, Andy's admitted to it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]